That'll be our little secret.
In painting, you have unlimited power. You have the ability to move mountains. You can bend rivers. But when I get home, the only thing I have power over, is the garbage.
And that makes it look like birch trees, isn't that sneaky? Heh. Ha. It's gorgeous.
You know me, I gotta put in a big tree.
Gotta give him a friend. Like I always say 'everyone needs a friend'.
Any time ya learn, ya gain.
Any way you want it to be, that's just right.
As my son Steve says, just 'smoosh' it in there. It's not a real word, but people seem to know what it means.
Be sure to use odorless paint-thinner. If it's not odorless, you'll find yourself working alone very, very quick.<F37>
Let's just blend this little rascal here, ha! Happy as we can be.
Clouds are very, very free.
Decide where your little footy hills live.
Haha, and just beat the devil out of it.
I like to beat the brush.
You can use a brush rack to hit the brush on. Otherwise you will become unpopular real fast.
Let's do a little cabinectomy here.
Just scrape in a few indications of sticks and twigs and other little things in there. People will think you spend hours doing this.
Little raccoons and old possums 'n' stuff all live up in here. They've got to have a little place to sit.
Little squirrels 'n' rabbits, and if this was in Florida or Georgia somewhere down there, might be an alligator or two hid back here.
Maybe in our world there lives a happy little tree over there.
Oh, green water... oh that's pretty. Boy, I like that, just alive with algae.
Oooh, if you have never been to Alaska, go there while it is still wild. My favorite uncle asked me if I wanted to go there, Uncle Sam. He said if you don't go, you're going to jail. That is how Uncle Sam asks you.
People look at me like I'm a little strange, when I go around talking to squirrels and rabbits and stuff. That's ok. Thaaaat's just ok.
People might look at you a bit funny, but it's okay. Artists are allowed to be a bit different.
Shwooop. Hehe. You have to make those little noises, or it just doesn't work.
Talk to the tree, make friends with it.
That's a crooked tree. We'll send him to Washington.
That's where the crows will sit. But we'll have to put an elevator to put them up there because they can't fly, but they don't know that, so they still try.
The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.
There's nothing wrong with having a tree as a friend.
We don't make mistakes, we just have happy accidents.
We tell people sometimes: we're like drug dealers, come into town and get everybody absolutely addicted to painting. It doesn't take much to get you addicted.
We're gonna make some big decisions in our little world.
From all of us here I'd like to wish you happy painting...and God bless my friend.
When I was teaching my son Steve to paint, I used to tell him, just pretend he was a whisper, and he floated right across the mountain, that easy, gentle, make love to it, caress it.
You can do anything you want to do. This is your world.
You can put as many or as few as you want in your world.
Look around. Look at what we have. Beauty is everywhere—you only have to look to see it.
I remember when my Dad told me as a kid, ‘If you want to catch a rabbit, stand behind a tree and make a noise like a carrot. Then when the rabbit comes by you grab him.’ Works pretty good until you try to figure out what kind of noise a carrot makes...
Talent is a pursued interest. Anything that you're willing to practice, you can do.
I guess I’m a little weird. I like to talk to trees and animals. That’s okay though; I have more fun than most people.
Believe that you can do it cause you can do it.
Everyone is going to see things differently - and that’s the way it should be.
No pressure. Just relax and watch it happen.
You can create beautiful things - but you have to see them in your mind first.
It’s so important to do something every day that will make you happy.
Don’t be afraid to make these big decisions. Once you start, they sort of just make themselves.
Think about a cloud. Just float around and be there.
It’s hard to see things when you’re too close. Take a step back and look.
Only think about one thing at a time. Don’t get greedy.
